# August 27, 2025

Today, I created my first GitHub account and repository. I'm excited to start using GitHub for my projects!

# September 2, 2025

My thoughts on the new cell phone law is that it is pointless and won't have the effect lawmakers think it will. I'm adjusting to the law but it's annoying for me and other students. Truthfully I see little to no benefits for students or teachers alike. My first point is that the phone law is pointless, kids who dont want to learn will still choose not to participate, but instead of risking their phones they will likely just distract other students or teachers solely for their own enjoyment. I've seen this in my 2nd period, kids will just talk to other students, make noise, and still not do their work. My complaint about the law being an inconvenience rather than a decent and well planned law is from the beginning of the year. Teachers still had several activities and systems that relied on phones,especially before chromebooks were issued to students, and had to find ways to still include those activities or just skip them entirely. It also takes away time from teachers and admins having to police the halls for students with earbuds, headphones, or cell phones out, even though they're not in class yet. And lastly, I see no benefit for teachers or students. Teachers have almost always had an issue with a student's phone being out while the teacher is speaking, but now they HAVE to enforce the phone law. If a student is done with all their work, they can't have their phones out, even if a teacher is done teaching, if the teacher sees a phone, they are now required to stop what they're doing and either tell the sudent to put it away or take it from them entirely. Not to mention the law was signed in by a man that hasn't seen the inside of a school in about 50 years and has no clue what happens inside a modern school building. The law was signed in to appease a minority with money rather than a majority in mind and it's ridiculous.
